From house to house, from door to door,
Jehovah’s word we spread.
From town to town,
from farm to farm,
Jehovah’s sheep are fed.
The good news that God’s Kingdom rules,
As Jesus Christ foretold,
Is now declared throughout the earth
By Christians young
and old.
From house to house, from door to door,
Salvation we proclaim.
It comes to those who make the choice
To call upon God’s name.
But how can they respect the name
Of One they do not know?
To ev’ry home
and ev’ry door,
The sacred name
must go.
So let us go from door to door
To spread the Kingdom news.
And whether it’s embraced or not,
We’ll let the people choose.
At least we’ll name Jehovah’s name,
His glorious truth declare.
And as we go from door to door,
We’ll find his sheep
are there.